Sturcture design(current, you can edit if you have other ideas):

1, Player: Store information and activity of ai and human players.

2, Question: Give out ai-generated questions and answers.

3, Gameboard: Run the game (Round, question selection...).

4, interface: visualization / player operation -> gameboard.

Game rules (Shorter one):
Gameround:
1,Jeopardy! Round (round = 1) For first gameboard with 4x4 = 16 questions.
0. Generate gameboard.(Score: 200, 400, 600, 1000)
i. Players take turns to choose category and point value. 
ii. After category and point value being chossen, question (multiple choice with 4 options) is shown.
iii. Buzzing session(have time limit 5 second): the one who press button(SPACE on keyboard) first get chance to answwer.
iv. Answering(have time limit 5 second): 
if correct: add point and go to next question.
if wrong / out of time: mark dedction on the player, go back to Buzzing session (player who have answered wrongly to this question cannot join this session.)

SPECIAL CASE: If all player answered wrongly / out of time or Buzzing out of time:
Skip to next question.

v. In this round, one Double Jeopardy is hidden in the questions.

Double Jeopardy:
A question which player who choose it can have an opportunity to wager.
Wager: Make the score of the question in range [5, max(max_cash value on board, player's current score)]

2, Double Jeopardy! Round (round = 2) For first gameboard with 4x4 = 16 questions.
0. Generate gameboard.(Score: 400, 800, 1200, 2000, which are multipled by 2)
i. Player who have lowest score to choose category and point value.
ii-iv: same to round 1.
v. Two Double Jeopardy is hidden in the questions.

3, Final Jeopardy! Round (round = 3)
0. Randomly select a field， generate a challenging question (Do not show question now, only category).
i. Waging time: Make the score of the question for them in range [0, player's current score](*Score < 1 cannot participate)
ii. Answer in 10 seconds. 

4, Final winner:
Give out first, second...place. Higher score wins.
SPECIAL CASE: Same mark: same place (1gold, 2gold, 3bronze, for example.)


Reminders:
To Gameboard:
i. Please carefully read player.py and question.py (or use ai to summarize) and know how functions work. If you need adding new functions, please tell me.
ii. Reset buzzing state of all players after finishing a question.
iii. To make Progress Bar work properly, check_buzz() and get_answer() functions are used to monitor player's actions all time.
Thus, put them in a loop such as while True: ...

To interface:
i. Please carefully read player.py and question.py (or use ai to summarize) and know how functions work. If you need adding new functions, please tell me.
ii. You may use get_remaining_time() and get_buzzing_time_left() in class question to make a time bar. 
iii. get_answer() return False when out of time, and update_score() return False when answered wrongly.
you may use this to design speical effects for out of time and answered wrongly separately.

Test on your device:

About API: Please use.env file as tutorial 7 mentioned, 

set env_used in class environment in question.py to true.